[Marvin over phone] Come on, Raymond.
You really think Kate Kaplan is alive?
I don't know, Marvin.
I never had divers recover her body.
She chose the Potomac
as her final resting place
and I chose to respect her wishes.
I loved you, Raymond.
Kate!
So it's possible she survived.
And what? Surfaced downriver?
And somehow got help without us knowing
and waited years for just the right moment
to exact her revenge?
I'll tell you this, Marvin.
Kate loved Elizabeth.
She helped to raise her.
There is not a chance
she sent Vandyke to kill her.
So maybe she sent him to kill you.
Maybe.
She didn't know about Townsend's wish
for me to watch Elizabeth die.
So she couldn't have known
Vandyke would kill Elizabeth first.
If it's Kate, we'll find her.
She's good, but we're better.
I'm not in D.C. I'm--
God knows where I am.
Weecha and I are
on our way to West Virginia.
Maureen Rowan lives there.
[Marvin] Kate's sister?
I thought she was in witness protection.
[Raymond] She is.
Living under an alias
in a little town called Silverglade.
If Kate's been alive all these years,
it's possible Maureen would know.
[Maureen] Raymond.
Maureen.
I should've called.
You should have.
But I wouldn't have answered.
Mostly because I don't have a phone.
[chuckles] What a lovely place.
You've done all this yourself?
I'm designing my own retirement plan.
One day I'm gonna build
a gazebo out here and just sit.
Why wait? Should do it now.
Hmm, right now,
it's a little out of my price range.
Someday.
Oh, it's been awhile, Raymond.
Last time we saw each other, you came
to tell me my sister had passed.
[Raymond] Yes.
I wish I could've told you more
about the circumstances.
I don't.
Kate and I never spoke about her work.
But I always thought it was kind of you
to let me know she was gone.
[Raymond] That's why I've come.
I can't be certain, but it's possible
my condolences were premature.
[Maureen]
I never asked about how Kate died.
I assumed you made arrangements
for her remains.
No. Her body was never recovered.
I see.
And this associate of yours,
the one who claims he saw her,
you believe him?
I believe he thinks he saw her.
But that may be
what someone wanted him to think.
You do remind me of her.
Of better times.
If Kate is alive,
she's been in hiding for a while.
And it's likely
that she's in some trouble.
If you've had any contact--
I don't understand.
Wouldn't you be the first person
she'd reach out to?
So you haven't heard from her?
That's no surprise.
Kate and I were close in our way.
But she would never come to me for help.
What about the woman?
You know, the one Kate was seeing
around the time she supposedly died?
Kate was seeing someone?
I only know because you weren't
the only visitor then.
A woman came to meet me
and to pay her respects.
Clara.
Clara Moore was her name.
She worked with Kate.
Said Kate taught her everything.
Like a mentor.
It was clear they'd been in a relationship
and she loved my sister very much.
If you could find her,
she might know something.
Clara Moore.
That's very helpful.
I've been waiting for this day
for a long time.
Psilocybin.
Ketamine.
LSD.
MDMA.
For the first time,
mainstream medical institutions
are taking a long, hard look
at the healthcare benefits
of psychedelics.
Major universities in this country
and around the world
are studying these drugs
and how they can help patients.
[knocks]
-You can just leave it, thanks.
-No can do. I need a signature.
[lock buzzes]
[Avery] This is our moment.
As we speak,
venture capitalists are spending
billions of legitimate dollars...
on companies that make
and sell mind-altering drugs.
I want our share.
Hell, I want more than our share.
Stay.
We are the future of healthcare.
And you're gonna look back on today and
tell your grandchildren you were there.
[Laszlo] I warned you.
Did you really think
I'd let you set up shop in my city?
[man] Oroszlan. There's no time.
I'm always glad to see you, Raymond.
But I have to admit,
I was hoping you'd give
this next new case to Aram.
He's in charge of the Task Force.
Have you thought any more
about giving him another chance?
I have. Sorry, Harold.
I just don't trust him.
He's simply...
wound too tight.
Maybe.
When I left the office last night, he was
agonizing over this year's annual review.
He has to fill out a report
on all the agents under his command.
I must say,
it's got him pretty stressed out.
Hmm.
I wonder if he'd consider therapy.
Specifically guided therapy
aided by psychedelics.
Properly applied,
I find LSD to be helpful in dark times.
And a blast in good times.
Nothing loosens a tight sphincter
like a good eight-hour acid trip.
LSD is illegal.
Well, it doesn't have to be LSD.
Ketamine.
Psilocybin.
The point is
there's new interest in these drugs.
It's been almost 60 years since
Harvard University fired Timothy Leary.
Now even Harvard's studying
the health benefits
of the drugs he so famously touted.
-That's good news.
-It is.
For everyone except the criminals
who make a living selling them.
Criminals like Laszlo Jankowics.
Jankowics.
Why do I know that name?
Because his father Marko
was once on the Blacklist.
He used to be one of the world's
biggest LSD distributors.
-Until Ressler killed him.
-Yes.
But as dangerous as Marko was,
I'm afraid his son Laszlo
is even more unhinged.
[Park] This morning, six homicides.
Reddington thinks that this Laszlo
just gunned them down in their chairs?
It's nine, actually, including
the guards and receptionist.
This happened because
he didn't want a legitimate company
making these drugs legally?
[Dembe] Could that be the motive?
Who in their right mind
would kill nine people for that?
That's the thing.
He's not in his right mind.
Laszlo's known for being addicted
to his own product.
A liquid form of LSD.
And when abused, LSD can do
some pretty serious damage to the brain.
In some cases,
your hallucinations can become permanent.
Reddington says they call him "Oroszlan."
Hungarian word for "lion."
Because he thinks
he's the king of the jungle?
No, because he thinks a fully-grown
African lion goes wherever he goes.
We're running low on product.
We need to make new arrangements.
I already have.
The Phan organization has sent a shipment.
It's arriving at the port today.
Today? The port is not safe.
-Why would you take an unnecessary risk?
-It is necessary.
We need product to stay in business.
[Aram] So Laszlo Jankowics
is the next name on the Blacklist?
Correct. Who Red wants us to find.
Why? We're looking for whoever
orchestrated Liz's death,
the same person blackmailing you.
What's the connection to this Oroszlan?
I don't know.
-Reddington just said it was important.
-To us? Or to him?
Agent Ressler.
Look, I know it's weird
that I'm the boss or whatever,
but let me know if you're gonna be late.
[Cooper] That was my fault.
Ressler and I have been investigating
Reggie Cole and Tyson Lacroix.
I asked him to apply for a warrant
to search Lacroix's home.
That request was approved 20 minutes ago.
Good news.
Aram, if it's okay,
we would like to execute the warrant.
Yeah. I mean, yes, that's perfect.
Agent Park, Agent Zuma,
we have an active crime scene
at Virtual Horizons Lab.
Why don't you head there?
Good. Yeah.
Don't worry about me.
I'm just gonna be filling out
a thousand pages
judging you all for the Bureau.
Best job ever.
Mr. Avery, thank you for speaking with me,
I know how difficult--
I have to tell their families.
These people, my staff,
they had wives, husbands, children.
[Dembe] The Bureau can help.
I'd like to focus on the meeting
you had this morning.
We just started. Today was our first day
in our brand-new lab.
[Dembe] You're a chemist, right?
I have a degree in neurochemistry, yes.
But I consider myself a medical futurist.
My work is about advancing healthcare,
improving lives.
By manufacturing psychedelic drugs?
By studying them.
And yes, maybe one day selling them.
Problem is some people already sell them,
and they don't want any competition.
That why this happened?
The Bureau is aware of an organization
that sells illegal psychedelics.
We think they were sending a message.
By murdering my entire staff?
How many gunmen were there?
I don't know.
Mr. Avery.
You were the only survivor.
I'm sure you're scared
but if there's anything you saw--
No, I wish I had.
When I heard the shots, I immediately ran.
I was hiding in that room
so I never saw their faces.
Agent Zuma. Sorry to interrupt.
You should see this.
Excuse me.
We caught a break.
You're looking at acrylic plexiglass.
Over 3.5 inches thick.
Installed to weather
an accidental chemical explosion.
Today it functioned as bulletproof glass.
The slug never fragmented.
[Dembe] Great. Let's pull it and
run it for ballistics and latent prints.
I don't understand.
Why is any of this necessary?
Mrs. Lacroix, you've seen the warrant.
Let us do our jobs.
Your jobs?
My husband was murdered.
It's your job to find his killer.
That's what we're trying to do.
By seizing my husband's files?
He's the victim.
You're acting like he was a criminal.
I'm sorry, but we're here because Tyson,
whether he knew it or not,
was connected to a criminal conspiracy.
What kind of--?
I can't discuss our evidence.
With one exception.
This man.
Ever seen him?
His name was Reginald Cole.
I don't know who that is.
I knew my husband. You're wrong.
He was a good man.
An honest lawyer.
[Cooper] We're almost done.
We'll be out within the hour.
Check this out.
Lacroix and Cole weren't just lawyer
and client, they were working together.
Makes sense.
Not unusual for a civil attorney
to have a private eye on the payroll.
What's unusual
is what Cole was hired to do.
He was keeping around-the-clock
surveillance on Stanford March.
[Cooper] The tech executive?
[Ressler] Sent Lacroix a full dossier.
Photos, itinerary,
a detailed list of his known assets.
-What are you thinking?
-Where's the case?
Lacroix never filed a suit against March.
-Maybe he didn't get the chance.
-Maybe.
Maybe that was never the plan.
If Cole was blackmailing you,
what if he was doing the same to others?
Let's go see if Mr. March
can enlighten us.
Good news. Got a latent print off a slug
recovered at Virtual Horizons Lab.
Print comes back to a three-time felon
named Sebastian Graham.
What's he doing out where he can kill?
He's on parole for a weapons charge.
Felon in possession of a firearm.
We talked to his parole officer.
She's calling him in.
-When he shows, we'll bring him in.
-Sounds good. Keep me posted.
Hey. I need a sec.
What's up?
That's the annual review paperwork, right?
Unfortunately.
You do mine yet?
If you haven't, I was hoping
to talk to you first.
Give you an update about my condition
before you report to Main Justice.
Yeah. I was kind of gearing up
to ask you about your headaches.
They're so much better.
You may not really
even have to mention them.
If they're still happening--
They're not. Not really.
Once in a great while
but nothing like before.
Now something needs to trigger them,
like an extremely bright light
or a super-loud noise.
-Alina.
-I'm not asking you not to mention them.
That would be improper.
But if you didn't feel the need to--
Look. I love this job. You know how much
I love being in the field.
I'm afraid if they see it, they'll
sit me down and I can't handle that.
Right.
So...
we're good then?
I'm not sure I can leave it out entirely.
But I guess I need to think about it.
But I will...
think about it.
Thanks.
[door closes]
[hammering]
[machinery whirring]
Oh, Raymond. You didn't have to.
I often do what I have to, Maureen.
But this I did because I wanted to.
The instant you told me about the gazebo,
I knew I'd be back to see it happen.
Is it a thank-you?
Does that mean you found Clara Moore,
the woman I told you about?
Not yet, but I have
some of my sharpest associates
working on it as we speak.
And I thought while I wait, we could spend
a little more time together.
I really do remind you of her, don't I?
Yes.
We really are different, you know?
It's ironic, don't you think?
That I gave up a normal life
to catch a criminal
and Kate gave up
a normal life to become one.
I've never asked you about your decision
to testify against Alexei Lagunov.
Do you regret it?
I asked Kate for advice.
When I saw those men
moving that man's body,
I asked her what I should do.
And she said, "Do nothing."
Not because she was afraid for me
but because she really
didn't believe it was any of my business.
I remember hanging up the phone
knowing I was going to call the police.
Why?
Probably because she told me not to.
I didn't answer your question.
Do I regret it?
I did for a long time.
Kate wasn't the only one
with dreams of a bigger life.
Excitement.
I wanted to travel.
Told my mother
I'd become the youngest curator
in the history of the Metropolitan Museum.
All of that changed when I took the stand.
But I've come to enjoy the quiet.
I work part-time at a book store in town.
I'm on the board
of the Silverglade public library.
I have my garden.
I think I've redefined
what I consider excitement.
This life has been plenty big for me.
And I'm content.
[door opens]
Wanna tell me what this is about?
I need to get home.
I think you know what this is about.
You left a print at Virtual Horizons.
I read your sheet.
Plenty of warning signs,
but nine homicides?
-Next level.
-How do I know this is real?
You'll know when the judge admits it
at your trial.
We know you work for Laszlo Jankowics.
-I don't know who that is.
-You call him Oroszlan.
Where can we find him?
Where can you find a Hungarian lion?
Try the Budapest Zoo.
You're going to prison.
There's no need to protect him now.
Protect him?
Look.
I don't know the man...
but I know his reputation.
You wanna talk about next level?
I hear he's done so much acid
his brain is permanently damaged.
He'd order your death and forget about it
the second he said the words.
Oroszlan's the reason you're here.
Unless it was your idea to shoot up
a room full of innocent people.
They weren't all innocent.
What does that mean?
[Graham] If you know about Oroszlan,
then you know he inherited
his organization from his father.
Sarkany built an empire
but he didn't do it alone.
He had a partner.
A chemist who knew how to turn
the ingredients Sarkany got into product.
Wallace Avery.
He tried walking away.
All this talk
about people spending billions
to develop the same drugs
he'd been making for years?
He cut Oroszlan out.
Figured he had the experience
and degrees to go legit.
I won't help you get Oroszlan.
Wallace Avery can go to hell.
[cell phone ringing]
Dembe.
Haven't found Jankowics.
But the key to that may be
a chemist named Wallace Avery.
Jankowics targeted Virtual Horizons
because Avery used to work for him,
then he made a play on his own.
[Raymond] How can I help?
[Dembe] We sent units to his address
but he already cleared out.
He knows Laszlo won't stop looking
until he's dead,
so he's probably in hiding.
I was thinking
maybe Rogelio could find him.
Send me the details
and I'll reach out right away.
[cell phone ringing]
You're insane.
Huh. And you're a dead man walking.
My people say you've cleared out
of your apartment.
What do you think my dad
would've done to you, Wallace?
What would he want me to do?
[cackling]
[Raymond] He owns a laundry business,
but in reality, he's the architect
of one of the best intelligence networks
in existence.
An army of bellhops, busboys,
waiters, waitresses, housekeepers.
Rogelio took people who often go unseen
and fused them
into one great all-seeing eye.
Rogelio!
Thank you for coming.
Amigo, I have to hurry.
I told you, I have an appointment.
Yes.
But perhaps you could reschedule.
Something's come up.
Reschedule? No.
Impossible.
I didn't tell you
but I applied for my citizenship.
After 20 years of living in this country,
I'm finally gonna be
a naturalized American.
My word.
My civics interview's in two hours.
Waited over a year for a time.
I'm studying 120 questions
on American history and government.
And how many questions
will they actually ask you?
Only 20, but I won't know which ones.
I have to get 12 right to pass.
I see.
I've never been much
for pledges of allegiance,
particularly when it comes to governments.
But I respect and honor your decision.
-Two hours, you said?
-Until the test.
I'm going to my sister's to study.
I'll tell you what.
There's a man I need you to find.
We think he's holed up here in D.C.
-I can't--
-Hear me out.
I'll give you the details,
you reach out to your network.
And while we wait, I'll help you study.
Mr. March, thanks for taking the time.
Your assistant made it clear
your agenda was full.
And you made it clear you didn't care.
Here I am.
How can I help the FBI?
We're investigating two suspects.
Two recent murder victims
we think you may be aware of.
I'm confused.
-Were they suspects or victims?
-Both.
An attorney named Tyson Lacroix
and a private eye named Reginald Cole.
Lacroix and Cole are dead?
-[Cooper] So you knew them.
-We'll cut right to it.
We have evidence Reggie Cole
was engaged in blackmail.
We think that Tyson Lacroix
may also have been involved.
Your name came up as someone
they may have been targeting.
I always thought blackmail meant
paying someone to stop them
from revealing something you did.
This was more like extortion.
Had some trouble recently.
A woman who worked as a nanny
for my son made some accusations.
What type of accusations?
Sexual assault.
Look, I have no interest
in rehashing her claims.
She went to the police, filed a complaint.
No charges were ever filed.
I thought that was the end of it until
Lacroix showed up with his investigator
and said he represented the woman.
He wanted money?
-Or else he'd file a lawsuit?
-[March] That's right.
And as you know, burden in a civil trial,
a lot lower than a criminal one.
-You reach a settlement?
-A confidential one.
A million-five.
Which I only paid to spare my family.
Look.
You look like you know your business.
I'm sure you don't need my advice.
We're listening.
I'm not a detective.
But in my business,
most mysteries get solved
if I do one key thing.
And what's that?
Follow the money.
[Raymond] Okay, concentrate.
I'm picking up the pace.
What founding document
was written in 1787?
The U.S. Constitution.
How many Amendments
does the Constitution have?
Twenty...
seven?
Are you asking me?
-Twenty-seven. Final answer.
-[chuckles]
The first 10 Amendments are known as--?
-The Bill of Rights.
-You're crushing this.
Take a break, have some water,
check the network.
Nothing yet.
But we'll find him. One hour left.
Keep going!
Name the three branches of government.
Executive, judicial...
-We just went over this.
-I know.
They write the laws.
-I know. People in the Congress--
-Okay, pass.
We'll come back to it.
Name one writer of the Federalist Papers.
Big Lou just bought
a beach house in Margate because--?
Because he made a boatload of cash
scalping tickets to Hamilton.
-Boom!
-Hamilton!
Why is it important to pay federal taxes?
Ugh. Don't answer that.
-I'm getting a little car sick.
-[cell phone beeps]
Ooh. I told you. We found him.
Your boy Wallace Avery's
in a motel by the airport.
-Clarissa just brought him towels.
-Clarissa just made ten grand.
I'll write down the address for you.
[Rogelio clears throat]
I can't thank you enough, Rogelio.
Good luck today.
Gracias.
Ah.
-Legislative. That was the third branch.
-[chuckles] You see? You've got this.
Let me know how it goes.
[door closes]
So, what now, you tell
the Task Force where to find Avery?
Actually, I have another idea in mind.
-Any sign of Oroszlan?
-Who are you?
What are you doing here?
You're a very popular fellow, Wallace.
Laszlo Jankowics is looking for you.
Unfortunately, the FBI is too.
They know you used to work together.
Oroszlan sent you to kill me?
[Raymond] No, no. Nothing like that.
In fact, I'd rather not get involved
in the little dispute.
But I do need to find someone.
A woman you may know named Clara Moore.
-You're looking for Clara?
-You do know her.
My sources tell me she works for Laszlo.
But we're having a devil
of a time trying to find her.
You won't. Only Oroszlan
knows how to reach Clara.
-And why is that?
-He's psychotic and paranoid.
And she knows where all
the bodies are buried.
Ah. I see.
That changes things.
I'm sorry, Wallace,
but I'll have to involve myself
in your dispute.
What do you mean?
If Laszlo is the only one
who knows how to reach Clara Moore,
I'll have to give him
a reason to do just that.
-What if Laszlo didn't get the message?
-Patience, Weecha.
[knocking on door]
Just him.
Oh, oh.
Stay.
Raymond Reddington.
I always hoped we'd meet.
Oroszlan. We did meet.
I was introduced to your father once,
on a yacht in Monte Carlo years ago.
You were with him. You don't remember.
You were just a boy at the time.
[Laszlo] I was surprised to get your call.
Why would a man like you
want to do me a favor?
[Raymond] No favors, just business.
When I heard you were down a chemist,
it occurred to me you may be running low.
-Am I right?
-[Laszlo] I made arrangements.
The Phan cartel sent a shipment.
Should get into the port of D.C. today.
Ah. Ask around.
Port security's a specialty of mine.
In the future, I'd be willing to guarantee
safe transport, for the right price.
Now I know why they call you
the Concierge of Crime.
Do they? Well, I'm a problem solver.
Like Wallace here.
Your people have been looking for him.
Well, here he is.
A good faith gesture to get
our dealings off on the right foot.
Oroszlan, please. You can't--
-[Raymond] Quiet.
-He kills people, my staff.
-Quiet.
-You can't hand me over.
He'll just kill--
[Ressler] Hey.
You're not gonna believe this.
I got off the phone with Susan Powell,
the woman who accused March of assault.
She's never heard
of Tyson Lacroix or Reginald Cole.
-Say that again?
-Lacroix wasn't her lawyer.
He went to March claiming
to represent her.
He negotiated for a million
and a half, they've never even met.
-So it's just a scam?
-Just a scam?
This is brilliant.
I mean, Cole found the cases.
Complaints made by victims that
didn't result in criminal charges.
All Lacroix had to do was claim to
represent the victims and negotiate deals.
-It's meaningless.
-It's inspired.
-I don't know how I never--
-Donald.
I get that you appreciate the ingenuity,
but how does this keep me out of prison?
Panabaker was clear.
My best chance to avoid prosecution
is to give Main Justice something big.
The truth behind Elizabeth's death
and my blackmail.
-We're trying.
-But what if we're wasting our time?
What if none of this is connected?
-We can't think like that.
-I can't?
-That's easy for you.
-No, Harold.
It's not easy for any of us.
I can't deal with this.
-I have to clear my head.
-Where are you going?
Home. To see my family while I still can.
-You killed him.
-I thought you wanted him dead?
Not here. Not now.
He talked to the Feds.
I would've found out what he told them.
Nothing, I'm sure.
The man's hiding out in an airport motel.
If he talked,
he'd be locked in a safe house.
He was my chemist.
You should've let me handle it.
You're overthinking this. Go.
I'll make a call,
have my cleaner here within the hour.
Raymond.
[whispering]
What? Well, how was I to remember that?
-What?
-[Raymond] There's no problem.
Apparently, my best cleaner
is on a flight over the Atlantic.
Went to take care
of something in Tel Aviv.
Don't worry about it.
I'll use a backup, although my next choice
is in New York, so a couple of hours.
-A couple hours?
-I know.
I wonder if they do turn down
service here?
-I've got someone.
-[Raymond] No. Please, let me.
You've done enough.
I'm getting out
and you should do the same.
-If that's what you want.
-Calling her now.
I'll look for my shell casings.
Guys, let's go.
Well done, Wallace.
-You think he bought it?
-[Raymond] I do.
Which means you need
to leave town immediately.
Weecha will arrange it.
-[Avery] Where am I going?
-How about Acapulco?
You could set up shop, send us
a sample or two from time to time.
-Acapulco?
-[Raymond] Just a thought.
Consider your death a new lease on life.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Ah.
Please excuse me.
Dembe. Any luck
finding our little wack job?
[Dembe] None. That's why I'm calling.
I was hoping Rogelio
found his former chemist.
Wallace Avery? In the wind, I'm sure.
I do have another lead.
I heard from a source that Laszlo's
expecting a shipment
from the Phan cartel
to arrive today at the port in D.C.
-How reliable?
-Pretty good, I think.
If he's right
and if you're waiting at the port,
perhaps you could grab Laszlo
along with the goods.
[door unlocks]
[Raymond] Clara Moore. Welcome.
Please, come in.
-Hey. You wanted to see me?
-Yeah. Hey, please. Come in.
Look. Um...
I have been doing a lot of thinking
and I have decided
that it is not my place to say
anything about your headaches.
Wow, thank you.
Well, let me finish.
See, the thing is, I haven't really been
feeling like myself lately.
So it just feels wrong for me
to be evaluating you, all of you,
when I have been going
through some struggles of my own.
So I have decided that you should
fill out your own evaluation.
-Are you serious?
-Very.
I trust you.
If your headaches aren't an issue,
don't report them.
I'll submit what you think is best.
I suppose cleaners have to go
where the work takes them.
We both know what Kate Kaplan would
think of a buffoon like Laszlo Jankowics.
Still, I'm sure he keeps you busy.
Say something, Clara.
You know who I am, and I suspect
you know exactly why I'm here.
-Laszlo gave me up?
-Certainly not.
Laszlo has no idea we're meeting.
Don't let me keep you
from doing what you came here to do.
-You want me to clean?
-[Raymond] Indeed.
Fortunately, it's corn syrup
and food coloring.
And if Kate taught you the trade,
this should be a walk in the park.
TAC team standby.
-We have eyes on the shipment.
-[man] We're in position.
[Dembe] Nobody moves
until Laszlo take possession.
-On your go.
-Sure that's the right container?
Has to be.
It originated in Jakarta, where
the Phan cartel has people at the port.
Manifest says it has two dozen crates
of spearmint-flavored aerosol spray.
[Park] Could be liquid LSD.
Or Laszlo is a real stickler
for fresh breath.
East entrance. Rolling in now.
[Dembe] We have Laszlo plus five.
He must have a connection,
that's the port manager.
[Raymond] I'm told you and Kate
were very close at the end.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry? You murdered her.
[Raymond] Okay, Clara.
We've reached the end of the friendly
get-to-know-you portion.
I'm afraid things get harder from here.
First, I didn't kill Kate Kaplan.
The fact is, she took her own life.
Second, I feel terribly about that.
Regardless of how she felt
about me at the time,
we'd been friends for many years,
and I cared a great deal for Kate.
And I've had to live with the
circumstances of her death ever since.
That is, until yesterday,
when it came to my attention
that she may not be dead after all.
Kate's alive?
I wonder. Was that a genuine question?
Or just an attempt to keep her hidden?
I don't know what that means.
Not that it matters.
I'd die before I'd tell you anything.
Here's an idea. Why don't I introduce you
to an associate of mine?
-Brimley?
-Yes. You've heard of him.
-No.
-[Raymond] I'm not surprised.
-Not to worry. You'll love him.
-No.
He and Kate were old friends.
Wait for the hand off.
That's all we need.
Move in. We're good to go.
We've got movement, 2 o'clock.
-Laszlo's running.
-I see him.
Drop the gun!
[high-pitched ringing]
Dembe, I don't have him.
[Dembe] I'm coming.
Which way is he moving?
Alina? Alina!
Alina, are you okay?
How do you feel?
On the bright side,
I can see and hear again.
But that would be the only bright side.
SWAT's been all over the neighborhood.
No sign of Laszlo.
Or his lion.
A round went off inside the container.
From then, I just couldn't think.
And then the sunlight,
when I ran out again.
Your two triggers:
bright lights, loud sounds.
Maybe you should let them
take you to the hospital.
I've seen enough doctors.
We both know what happened and why.
The worst part?
It's not about me. I lost Laszlo.
We needed him for Cooper.
He's almost out of time.
Hey. Thanks for calling. How is she?
Okay. Pretty shaken up.
-And Laszlo?
-We lost him.
But it's not over.
Dembe's got Metro PD
and half the Bureau out looking.
I went home. Saw my wife.
Lost a vicious game
of Crazy Eights to Agnes.
What I'm saying is, I took a minute
to remember what's important to me.
And you, Donald.
You're high on that list.
Sorry for earlier.
-You don't have to.
-Yes, I do.
I'm well aware that the trouble I'm in
is trouble of my own making.
Trouble that's affecting
everyone around me. I'm sorry.
And if I haven't said it, thank you
for doing everything you can to help me.
-You'd do the same for me.
-Yes.
The point is, you were right.
At the moment, nothing makes sense.
Maybe the scam that Lacroix and Cole
were running is meaningless.
Or maybe it's the key to everything.
The only way to know
is to keep moving forward.
-[cell phone ringing]
-It's Reddington.
Raymond. I don't have good news.
-You lost Laszlo Jankowics.
-Yes. How did you know?
He just reached out to Marvin, asking for
my help in getting out of town undetected.
Not to worry, Harold.
He won't be going anywhere.
Our little lion tamer
is in for a big surprise.
It's an evening of surprises.
And that one's not even in the top two.
I need to see you. Come to the warehouse.
He has a line on Laszlo
and he wants to talk, tonight.
Say that again.
-I'd rather not.
-You think Kate Kaplan is alive?
I didn't say that. I said it's come
to my attention that she may be alive.
And that's why you gave us Laszlo?
To get to his cleaner, who knows for sure?
I said she may know.
It's a fluid situation.
Which is why I asked Brimley to join us.
-Brimley's here.
-He is.
[Cooper] I don't understand.
Kaplan survived that fall
and what, she's been in hiding?
Unlikely, but unknown.
If she lived, she would've needed help.
The woman's name is Clara Moore.
She and Kate were very close.
I'm done.
And I'm certain she's telling the truth.
What the hell is this?
Like I said, it's a fluid situation.
Telling the truth about what, Teddy?
Is Kate alive or not?
[Theodore] She don't know.
Until two days ago, she thought Kate
was kaput like the rest of us.
But then she got a note.
She came home. It was
in the bedroom on her night table.
And yes, she's convinced
it's Kate's handwriting.
She destroyed it, so we can't be sure.
Two days ago?
That's her story and believe me,
she's sticking to it.
According to her, the note said,
"Clara. I'm sorry. So much to explain.
I'm hoping you'll let me try."
That's it. Then an address downtown.
-10:00 p.m., Friday.
-[Weecha] That's tonight.
-Less than two hours from now.
-So much to explain.
Why now? After all this time,
why reach out like that?
Let's take a ride, Harold.
Who knows? Maybe I'll be
reacquainted with an old friend.
[knocking on door]
Agent Park. Hey.
You're here. Is everything all right?
-I thought you were going home.
-I'm going now.
But I wanted to get this back to you.
I know I said my headaches
weren't an issue...
Alina.
-I'm so sorry.
-You don't have to worry about it.
I did it myself. It's all in there.
Are you okay?
I was hard on Ressler for putting
the rest of us at risk with his addiction.
I may be disabled,
but I'm not a hypocrite.
What if Main Justice takes you out?
If they don't, you should.
It's okay, Aram.
Just send it.
[door closes]
You believe it? Elizabeth's death.
Doug Koster. That poor bartender.
My blackmail.
I'm sitting here trying to understand how
or why Mr. Kaplan could've done it all.
I've often wondered what I'd say
to her if I had the chance.
And?
The prospect is more overwhelming
than I'd imagined.
Seeing her again, and what?
What do I do if it is her, Harold?
[ominous music playing]
Oh-- There she is.
Oh, my God. It really is her.
I don't know if I'm ready to do this.
You stay here.
Watch that window. We've got this.
Are you sure, Weecha?
I'm sure.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Weecha] We're in the stairwell.
Moving to the third floor.
[gunshots]
Two down. She had guards watching.
Kate heard the shots.
She knows you're inside.
-[gunfire]
-[Weecha] No, no. Move. Move!
Weecha? Weecha, what's happening?
-We're losing transmission.
-[Weecha] Get back! Get--
She knows your coming. Get out of there.
[Weecha] Move! It's a trap!
Weecha?
Weecha!
[theme music playing]